3133333333033 enarrans. 333

cum diabolo etcum maledictis spiritibus seeum sine fine
habitantibus, nisi ante mortem suam emendaverit quod in·
juste commiserat. , ’

lnam Artemon.

Cnut cing· 0330 Godes I,Cnut‚lring‚through(}od's
gyfeealles Englelandesyealre grace, of all England and 31
Dene· eybe minan biscopan all the Danes, make known
Jminum eorlum] ellan minan 10 my bisbops and my earls,
pegam-ragber ge Deniscan ge and all my thanes, both
Engliscan· bwaes ic gean into Danish and English, what I
Ilaldan mynstre on Win. grant 10 the Old monastery
ceastre· Gode 13 1313 ] see in winchester, to the praise
Patre y S'ce Paule ] 0333 01 God, and S‘ Peter, and St
halgan 03 0333 binnan restab· Paul, and 01 103 saints that
0331 his 0 13 wylle 0 0331 there within rest. ’Tbat is,
mynster sig frig aelces woruld· that I will that that monas-
11333 3303333 03133 pam 03 tery be 1333 01 every worldly
callam 13133 goemene is· 0331 work, except that which 13
13 fyrdfara· sig hit on scip all the follis common, that
fyrde sig bit on land syme] is: military service, be it
bryggeweorc. ] wealgewuorc. naval service, 03 it land-ser·
yloc hwet sig gemaene neod vice, and bridge-work, and
ealles folces. Nu stod 013 aer wall-work, and what may be
into pam mynstre on 0333 the common need 01 311
eininga ‹lagum 03 us aetforan people· Now thus it stood
waerc. Nu switelige ic her· before with regard to the
on 01333 gewrite. hwaet se monastery, in the days 311133
333313 03 13 03313 geunnen kings who were before us.
baebbe· mynre sawle to only· Now Ι 0333 declara, in this
sednesse] ealra minra for· writing, what the augmenta-
genga 3 efterfyliendra· 031 tionis which Ihavethereto
syndan hamsocne· Ἰ 133- granted, 133 103 redemption
steallas· Ἰ myndbraecas· 3 01 my soul and those 31 311
aelces wytes· smales] greates· my predecessors and 333333-
3133 331133 03 men 03 0333 sors: Tbat is, 11133333, and

ealdre hyran aculan 03 0331 1333313133331313331033333, and
mynster bewat Godes banda. every penalty, small and great,

 

