PREFAOE.

monks, as vouchers lor the possessiones lands which
justly belonged to them by prescription, or ol which the
original titles had been lost or destroyed, or ol which the
Norman conquerors had despoiled them. Such charters
are usually distinguished by their magniloquence, their
inordinate length, and the gaudy splendour of their
illuminations, but with still greater certainty by their
subscriptione and their occasional anachronismo, When,
lor instance, we find acharter ol AEthelberht, a⁰ 605¹,
subscribed by such names as Angemundus, Pinca, Geddi,
Graphio comes, etc, there seems no great rislr ol error
in pronouncing it a lorgery. On this subject it is well
observed by Palgrave², “that there are many instru-
mente in the shape and torm ol original chortem, but
which are probably copies, made long alter the Con·
question use and perusal ; and to prevent the injury
which might result to the ancient ‘ Laod-boc: iltouched
by rude or careless hands. Occasionally the calligra-
phist attempted not merely to repeat the words, but to
depicture the ancient characters ς and as these imita·

tions arc easily detected by the shilful antiqnory, he ·

may be induced to condemn, aa a forgery,'a document
which was merely intended to be an innocent lacsimile.”

And again: “Interest may have tempted the monks ,

to commit forgery; and they did not always resist this
temptation so resolutely as might be wished for the
honour of their order. Yet, in extenuation‚ if not in
apology of this offence, it must be remembered that
their falsificatione were chiefly defensive. Lands which
unquestionably belonged to the Church were frequently
held merely by prescriptive possession, unaccompanied
by deeds and charters The right was lawful, but there

¹ Codex Diplom. i. p. 3. ² Rise and Progress, ii. pp. ccix, ccx.

 

