MISOELLANEOUS CHARTERS. 265

tiderin. De geeeeede ee had before given them thither.
biscopi} pe beee foretolene When the biehop was in·
weron· boed para baca lle formed that the chartere hed
geomlice. Under pem lle been stolen, he eemeetly
gewettAElfiic·]heb1ed}n demanded the chelters. In
lale eydpnn οὔ man gerehte the meanwhile AElfric died,
on cinges peningmnnnn ge· end he [the bishop] after·
motcpoercstowe] hembiecope werde demanded themoi the
Ριι loretclenan hece Snoding· widow, nntil they decreed, in
lendes-3 bote ret hiere hyfde· the ‘gemdt’ ol the king’s
hwaee on Lundene. Der thanes, the stolen chertcre
woes ee cing Endger· Ἰ ee of Snodlnnd to the plece
ercehieeop Dnnetnn· Ἰ Allel- [Rochester] endtcthebishop,
wold biscop· 3AElfnten biscop· and compensetion for the
Ἰ oller AElfstnn· Ἰ AElfere then: that was et London.
ealdorman· Ἰ fele cynges There were the king Eadger,
witenn· Ἰ men cgaef ea inte and the archbinhop Dunstdn,
Ρωῐε stowe hem biecope Ρο end Athelwold bishop, end
becc. De etdd hera wydewen AEllstdn bihop, and the other
stre on paee cinges hande. AElfstdn, end AElt'ere aldor·
De wolde Wulfstan ee gerefa men, end many of the king’s
niman Ρο tre on Ρωε cinges ‘witen’. And the charters
hande· Bromlenh Ἰ Fenlcne· were then given up into the
ham· ta gesohte seo wydewe place tc the bishop. Then
pehnlgnn stowe]pane biscop· stood the widow'e property
chael Ριῐιι cinge Bromleages in thc king’n hand. 'lhen
bdc Ἰ Fenlcnnhamee· Ἰ ee Wulltdn the reeve would take
byecop gebohte Ρα hece] Ριι the property, Bromley end
land aetham cinge on Godee· Fawhhnm‚ into the king's
hylle mid fiftigen manceeeen hand. The widow then eought
goldes· Ἰ hundteontigen·] the holy place and the biehcp‚
prittigrm pnndum· Purh lore· and gave up to the king the
spraece] ccetnnnge into See chnrters of Bromley and
Andree Si'dhnn lla lelde ne chhhem3 nnd the biehop
biscop pare wydewen 'dere bought the chartere and the
lende brycce. Under pem ta lende of the king et Godehill
gewct ee cing· ongan de sye- lor fifty mancueee cl gold,

Ραῐι Byrhtric hare wydewnn and a hundred and thirty

 

